With the outbreak of Coronavirus (COVID-19), the number of people referring to medical centers has tremendously increased. These people are worried that they might have been affected by the virus, while most of them have not. However, their presence at these medical centers causes overcrowding and disruption in the process of providing services to those who actually have the disease. At the same time, because of being close to the real sick patients, the risk of being infected by the virus increases in the healthy people who assume that they are already sick.
Some questions will be asked by the experts in these centers, before being visited by a doctor. These questions will help determine if you have been infected by the virus or not.
The present program helps users to answer the above-mentioned questions without going to medical centers; therefore, lowering the risk of being infected. After answering the questions, the probability of sickness will be studied and the user will be recommended to see a doctor if necessary.
Apart from checking the probability of illness, this program also includes the addresses of all medical centers in each city, plus statistics of the present situation of the clients in Iran. It also provides you with the latest news on the COVID-19.
At the time of installation, the program asks the user if it can access the user’s location. If such access is given, the information regarding the outbreak of the virus will be gathered from each city separately.
Attention: THIS APPLICATION IS NOT INTENDED TO DIAGNOSE OR CURE CORONA DISEASE AND IS MERELY DESIGNED FOR ASSISTING MEDICAL CENTERS AND OF COURSE PREVENTING PEOPLE GETTING OUT OF THIR HOUSES UNNECESSARILY.